Modify rule S1913: LaYC format (#2747)
SonarSource/rspec: rules/S1913/cfamily/rule.adoc

== Why is this an issue?

Given an expression `e` of type `T`, `sizeof(e)` returns the size in bytes of `T`, without evaluating `e`.
Furthermore, the expression `sizeof(e)` has type `size_t`.

This means that `sizeof(sizeof(e))` is equivalent to `sizeof(size_t)`.

> In other words, its value does not depend on `e` nor has any side effects.

Reviewer: "nor has any side effects": I find this information necessary and think we should emphasize it more.
The way I see it is that the user likely made a mistake because:
- sizeof(sizeof()) always returns the same result and does not depend on `e`
- sizeof does not evaluate the expression, which means that there is no side effect

I would separate these two things to make the second one more explicit than it currently is. WDYT?

Author: Great idea. I rephased the description in bdd67d6213. Let me know what you think.

Reviewer: I find the result better but still a bit hard to follow. I wrote down suggestions, let me know what you think.

== Why is this an issue?

Given an expression `e` of type `T`, `sizeof(e)` returns the size in bytes of `T`.

> The `sizeof` operator results in a value of `size_t`.

Reviewer: I am not used to this wording, so it seems strange to me.
What about:
```suggestion
The `sizeof` operator results in a value of type `size_t`.
```
Or
```suggestion
The return type of the `sizeof` operator is `size_t`.
```

== Why is this an issue?

> Given an expression `e` of type `T`, `sizeof(e)` returns the size in bytes of `T`, without evaluating `e`.
> Furthermore, the expression `sizeof(e)` has type `size_t`.
> This means that `sizeof(sizeof(e))` is equivalent to `sizeof(size_t)`.

Reviewer: What about:
```suggestion
Given an expression `e` of type `T`, `sizeof(e)` returns the size in bytes of `T`. The `sizeof` function does not evaluate the expression `e`, and the result of `sizeof(e)` is of type `size_t`. Therefore, `sizeof(sizeof(e))` is equivalent to `sizeof(size_t)`.
```

Author: Thanks for the suggestion.

Pedantic nit: `sizeof` is an operator, not a function. Although the difference does not really matter here, I've adapted your suggestion.

I also changed it slightly in 8771cba278 to have one statement/fact per sentence. I've also put more emphasis on the "no side effect" parts.

> In other words:

Reviewer: And then, I would keep:
```suggestion
In other words, `sizeof(sizeof(e))` always returns the same result and does not depend on `e`, which is unlikely what was expected.
```
